Add CosmosDB parent-child relationship bits. (#2912)
dotnet/docs-aspire: docs/database/azure-cosmos-db-integration.md

For more information on keyed services, see [.NET dependency injection: Keyed services](/dotnet/core/extensions/dependency-injection#keyed-services).

### Add Azure Cosmos DB database

<!-- TODO: Add xref to AddAzureCosmosDatabase when available -->

> Like container resources, you can also add a database resource. The database resource is considered a child resource to the parent <xref:Aspire.Hosting.AzureCosmosDBResource>. In your client-consuming project, you can deep-link to the database resource by name, registering a <xref:Microsoft.Azure.Cosmos.Database> instance for use with dependency injection. For example, consider the following code that calls `AddAzureCosmosDatabase` on an <xref:Microsoft.Extensions.Hosting.IHostApplicationBuilder> instance:

Reviewer: This statement feels a little confusing because it is referencing details of the hosting integration in the client integration docs. Maybe we can be more explicit and say that.

```suggestion
In the AppHost, the database resource can be added as a child resource to the parent <xref:Aspire.Hosting.AzureCosmosDBResource>. In your client-consuming project, you can deep-link to the database resource by name, registering a <xref:Microsoft.Azure.Cosmos.Database> instance for use with dependency injection. For example, consider the following code that calls `AddAzureCosmosDatabase` on an <xref:Microsoft.Extensions.Hosting.IHostApplicationBuilder> instance:
```

```csharp
builder.AddAzureCosmosDatabase(connectionName: "customers");
```

<!-- TODO: Add xref to CosmosDatabaseBuilder when available -->

> The `AddAzureCosmosDatabase` API returns a `CosmosDatabaseBuilder` instance that you can use to attach multiple containers under the same database connection. All child containers share the same <xref:Azure.Cosmos.CosmosClient> and database connection. This strategy is useful when associating the same <xref:Azure.Cosmos.CosmosClientOptions> with multiple containers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `AddAzureCosmosDatabase` API returns a `CosmosDatabaseBuilder` instance that you can use to attach multiple containers under the same database connection. All child containers share the same <xref:Azure.Cosmos.CosmosClient> and database connection and `CosmosClient` instance. This strategy is useful when associating the same <xref:Azure.Cosmos.CosmosClientOptions> with multiple containers.
```

An important aspect of the builder is that all the containers derived from it share the same CosmosClient and the options associated with it.

For more information on keyed services, see [.NET dependency injection: Keyed services](/dotnet/core/extensions/dependency-injection#keyed-services).

### Add Azure Cosmos DB database

<!-- TODO: Add xref to AddAzureCosmosDatabase when available -->

> In the app host, the database resource can be added as a child resource to the parent <xref:Aspire.Hosting.AzureCosmosDBResource>. In your client-consuming project, you can deep-link to the database resource by name, registering a <xref:Microsoft.Azure.Cosmos.Database> instance for use with dependency injection. For example, consider the following code that calls `AddAzureCosmosDatabase` on an <xref:Microsoft.Extensions.Hosting.IHostApplicationBuilder> instance:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the app host, the database resource  (<xref:Aspire.Hosting.AzureCosmosDBDatabaseResource>) can be added as a child resource to the parent <xref:Aspire.Hosting.AzureCosmosDBResource>. In your client-consuming project, you can deep-link to the database resource by name, registering a <xref:Microsoft.Azure.Cosmos.Database> instance for use with dependency injection. For example, consider the following code that calls `AddAzureCosmosDatabase` on an <xref:Microsoft.Extensions.Hosting.IHostApplicationBuilder> instance:
```

When the xref becomes available?

Author: The xref is already available for some of these APIs. What exactly are you asking here?

```csharp
var builder = WebApplication.CreateBuilder(args);

builder.AddKeyedAzureCosmosDatabase("customers");
builder.AddKeyedAzureCosmosDatabase("orders");

var app = builder.Build();

app.MapGet("/api/customers", async (
    [FromKeyedServices("customers")] Database database) =>
{
    // Get container from database and query data
});

app.MapPost("/api/orders", async (
    [FromKeyedServices("orders")] Database database,
    [FromBody] OrderRequest order) =>
{
    // Get container from database and query data
});

app.Run();
```

The preceding example code demonstrates how to register two databases, `details` and `customers`. Each named database can be used to get their corresponding containers to query data.

### Add Azure Cosmos DB container

<!-- TODO: Add xref to AddAzureCosmosContainer when available -->

> When you add a Cosmos DB resource in the app host project, you can also add an Azure Cosmos DB container resource as well. The container resource is considered a child resource to the parent <xref:Aspire.Hosting.AzureCosmosDBResource>. In your client-consuming project, you can deep-link to the container resource by name, registering a <xref:Microsoft.Azure.Cosmos.Container> instance for use with dependency injection. For example, consider the following code that calls `AddAzureCosmosContainer` on an <xref:Microsoft.Extensions.Hosting.IHostApplicationBuilder> instance:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you add a Cosmos DB resource in the app host project, you can also add an Azure Cosmos DB container resource as well. The container resource is considered a child resource to the parent <xref:Aspire.Hosting.AzureCosmosDBDatabaseResource>. In your client-consuming project, you can deep-link to the container resource by name, registering a <xref:Microsoft.Azure.Cosmos.Container> instance for use with dependency injection. For example, consider the following code that calls `AddAzureCosmosContainer` on an <xref:Microsoft.Extensions.Hosting.IHostApplicationBuilder> instance:
```

```csharp
builder.AddAzureCosmosContainer(connectionName: "details");
```

You can then retrieve the `Container` instance using dependency injection. For example, to retrieve the container from a delegate in a <xref:Microsoft.AspNetCore.Builder.EndpointRouteBuilderExtensions.MapGet*> call consider the following code:

```csharp
app.MapGet("/api/orders/{id:guid}", async (
    Container container, 
    [FromRoute] Guid id) =>
{
    // Query data from container...
});
```

### Add keyed Azure Cosmos DB container

<!-- TODO: Add xref to AddKeyedAzureCosmosContainer when available -->

There's also an `AddKeyedAzureCosmosContainer` method that allows you to register multiple containers with different connection names. For example, consider the following code that calls `AddKeyedAzureCosmosContainer` on an <xref:Microsoft.Extensions.Hosting.IHostApplicationBuilder> instance:

```csharp
var builder = WebApplication.CreateBuilder(args);

builder.AddKeyedAzureCosmosContainer("customers");

var app = builder.Build();

app.MapGet("/api/customers", async (
    [FromKeyedServices("customers")] Container container) =>
{
    // Query data from container...
});

app.Run();
```

> If you have multiple containers under the same database connection, you can use the `AddAzureCosmosDatabase` API to attach multiple containers under the same database connection. All child containers share the same <xref:Azure.Cosmos.CosmosClient> and database connection. This strategy is useful when associating the same <xref:Azure.Cosmos.CosmosClientOptions> with multiple containers. Consider the following alternative code, to register multiple containers under the same database connection:

Reviewer: Should we move this section earlier to where we talk about `AddCosmosDatabase`. Right now, we allude to the multiple container thing in the database section but don't get back to talking about it under here.

Author: Those are separate sections, hosting vs client integrations, no?
